[DPE-6783] Add backup documentation (#94)
canonical/charmed-etcd-operator: docs/how-to/manage-persistent-storage.md

The decision about using the persistent storage feature of charmed etcd has to be made at deploy time. In order to create
persistent storage volumes, add the `--storage` option and define your storage parameters.

This command will deploy a charmed etcd application with three units, create two storage volumes of 8 GB for each of them 

> and attach these volume as `data` and `archive` volume mounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will deploy a charmed etcd application with three units, create two storage volumes of 8 GB each, and attach them as `data` and `archive` volume mounts:
```

Author: updated
